# Mutating Controller for Kubernetes Deployments with for user specialization

### Overview of Functionalities

This collection of functions facilitates a comprehensive system for managing and 
processing Kubernetes volume configurations and admission control requests in a 
cloud-native environment. The goal is to streamline the configuration and 
extension of Kubernetes resources, focusing on volume management and admission 
control.

#### Key Functionalities:

1. **Dynamic Volume Configuration**: Functions like `ReadUserFeaturesFromFile`, 
`GetK8sVolumes`, `GetK8sVolumeMounts`, and `parseVolumeSource` allow for dynamic 
and flexible configuration of Kubernetes volumes. They enable reading custom 
volume configurations from files and transforming these into Kubernetes-native 
objects (`corev1.Volume` and `corev1.VolumeMount`).

2. **Admission Control Management**: Functions such as `handleAdmissionReview` and 
`processAdmissionReview` provide robust mechanisms for Kubernetes admission 
control. They handle HTTP requests, process these requests to apply custom logic, 
and generate appropriate responses, ensuring resources are managed according to 
predefined rules.

3. **Debugging and Logging Support**: Utility functions like `prettyPrintJSON`, 
`printVolumes`, `printVolumeMounts`, and `printPatchOperations` provide extensive 
debugging and logging support. These functions allow for clear logging of complex 
structures like volumes and JSON patches.

4. **Patch Calculation for Resource Modification**: The `calculatePatch` function 
dynamically generates patches for Kubernetes resources, calculating differences 
between original and modified deployments.

5. **Service Readiness Probing**: The `readinessHandler` function provides a 
mechanism to check the readiness of the service, ensuring it can handle requests 
effectively.

Collectively, these functions form a cohesive system that enhances Kubernetes' 
capabilities, focusing on flexible volume management, streamlined admission 
control processes, and effective debugging and monitoring tools. This system is 
beneficial in environments where custom resource configurations and dynamic 
resource management are critical.